[Speed] Update faq.md (#14401)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/speed/speed-test/faq.md

- Progressive Sampling in RUM: RUM data is collected through progressive sampling, which means that not all user requests are captured. This sampling method could result in slight variations in analytics when compared to traditional traffic analytics that record every server request.

{{</faq-answer>}}
{{</faq-item>}}

{{<faq-item>}}

> {{<faq-question level=2 text="How to disable Real User Monitoring (RUM) when it has been enabled from the Observatory test result page?" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<faq-question level=2 text="How do I disable Real User Monitoring (RUM) if it has been enabled from the Observatory test result page?" >}}
```

{{<faq-answer>}}

> Enabling RUM creates a Web Analytics configuration entry for the hostname at the Account level, under **Analytics & Logs > Web Analytics**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling RUM creates a Web Analytics configuration entry for the hostname at the account level, under **Analytics & Logs > Web Analytics**.
```

> If you wish to disable RUM, you can follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to disable RUM, follow these steps:
```

> 1.  Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account.
```

> 2.  Select **Analytics & Logs > Web Analytics**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Go to **Analytics & Logs > Web Analytics**.
```

> 3.  Click to the **Manage Site** for the hostname you wish you disable RUM for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Select **Manage Site** for the hostname for which you wish to disable RUM.
```

> 4.  Click **Delete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Select **Delete**.
```
